feat: Support some command options (#2163)
webdriverio/expect-webdriverio: docs/API.md

In case immediate assertion is required, use `{ wait: 0 }`
```ts
// Ensure element is not present right now
await expect($('element')).not.toBeDisplayed({ wait: 0 })

// Ensure the text is not 'some title' right now
await expect(browser).not.toHaveTitle('some title', { wait: 0 })
```

**Note:** You can pair `.not` with asymmetric matchers, but to enable the wait-until behavior, `.not` must be used directly on the `expect()` call. 

### some()

since: v6.0.0

> The custom `some()` modifiers also exists with a different syntax then `.not` allowing to asserrt that only one element from multiple elements meet the assertion

Author: ```suggestion
The custom `some()` function (distinct syntax compared to `.not`) allows you to assert that at least one element from multiple elements meets the assertion.
```
